CortexXDRIR updated the mirror in time range (#37015)
demisto/content: Packs/CortexXDR/ReleaseNotes/6_1_88.md

#### Integrations

##### Palo Alto Networks Cortex XDR - Investigation and Response

> - Fixed an issue where closing an incident on XDR doesnt closed on XSOAR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where mirroring-in would not apply to all incidents.
- Fixed an issue where closing an incident on XDR wouldn't close the matching XSOAR incident.
```

##### Palo Alto Networks Cortex XDR - Investigation and Response

> 
> - Fixed an issue with outgoing mirroring when closing an incident in Cortex XSOAR with *close_xdr_incident* set to False resulted in a 400 error.
> - Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.11.10.115887*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue with outgoing mirroring when closing an incident in Cortex XSOAR with *close_xdr_incident* set to False resulted in a 400 error.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.11.10.115887*.

```
